Okay! In this video, what we wanna do is
start introducing you to task management.
There's a number of different tools
that we can use. For the purposes of the
Spring Framework Guru Pet Clinic, we are
going to be using github. Github has a
built-in issue tracker. I'm gonna show
you how to set up some tasks. I'm gonna
go in and add some initial tasks that we
are gonna complete in future videos.
Just kind of lay out things. I'm trying
to make this very real-world like. One of
my favorite issue trackers is called
JIRA. A lot of enterprises use it and
there's actually a number of different
issue trackers out there. JIRA is highly
popular but github is also highly
popular. There's probably like a
dozen more that can easily be put up
there. But the main concept is what we
wanna be doing here as best practice
is to be creating the issues. In a
typical workflow is you're gonna have
your business partners create issues in
some type of issue tracker and then
you're going to work for them. I've
been on project teams where you do not
change the source code at all without a
issue. This is very important for the
track ability as you get into public
companies, companies that handle credit
cards, especially financial services,
healthcare companies. What the issue
tracker does is provide visibility of
why this source code was changing. It
provides a record of why it's changing
and also your business partners can see
through the issue tracker what the issue
was, the history of it, and where the
source code changed so that rather than
just saying short commit messages, it
gives them a lot more visibility. What
I'm going to do is come over here to the
issues screen, click on that. You can
see we don't have any. What I'm gonna do is add in a couple issues, so let's
create a new issue.
So here's the test that I've just added in
and this is to Create a Multi-Module
Project for Data Model. This one
thing that we want to do is we're gonna
configure Maven to a multi module
build. Very commonly, you're going to take
out the Spring Data or JPA entities into
its own module. It's pretty common use
case. I'm gonna show you how to use
Spring Boot and the tooling of Spring
Boot and Maven to create a Multi-Module
Project.
Then of course we wannna do.
So here, we're gonna implement the Pet
Clinic POJO Data Model. We haven't
seen it in the course yet, but what we
will be doing is using data entities, JPA
entities, which are regular pojos.
We're gonna take the Pet Clinic POJO's
and get those implemented into the
project.
So here, I'm saying Add the Maven Release
Plugin. What this allows us to do is
create releases. This is a very popular
plugin to use with Maven and we'll have
a whole video on that. Now let's do
upgrade to JUnit 5. I said earlier
that we will be using JUnit 5 in the
course, so we'll need to upgrade the
project right now. We're on JUnit 4.
In here, we're going to Create
Interfaces for Pet Clinic Services, so
these are gonna be standard
interfaces that we will use to interact
with the backend services, so we'll
create a service layer from the
controller and utilize that. This is very
common design pattern with Spring.
So here I'm saying we are going to
implement Map Based Services. These
are services that will use a hash map,
rather than a database. We'll use
this just to illustrate how we can store
data. I am doing this because I wanna
show you coming up, how we can have
multiple implementations of an interface
and use Spring to compose a project.
This is gonna be a neat thing that
will last up through in this project.
So here, we are going to Create the Pet
Clinic Controllers. These are the
controller objects to render the views.
Let's see here. We'll add in.
We'll Add in a Pet Clinic Index Page and
Controller. Let's see here. We'll add in
a Bootstrap.
We'll be using Bootstrap CSS. I'll
actually add that in. That gives our
application a real nice look and feel.
Let's see here. We now have 9 issues
created. I'm gonna show you the
list here. This is all the issues I'm
gonna create for right now. But what
we'll be doing, each one of these issues
are gonna become a video coming up in
the course. I'm showing you how we'll
do those and now I have the issues plan
in the upcoming videos when I tackle
each one of these, we will go in and work
on that issue and then close out that
issue to show the progress that we've
been making on the course. This works
out really nice because we can actually
see the github commits linked to the
issues. We'll see that all coming up.
For right now, this is a really good
start. We have a number tasks to complete,
a number of videos that we want to
record for our Pet Clinic application, so
I think we got a nice start here planned
and of course this is not the complete
list of tasks by any means. We will be
adding in more tasks as we develop this
project.